Planned Feature List for MWE 2.0
1. Standardized User Input function
    This version simulator are reading the user input file (.xlsx and .csv) files using a reading input function. 
However, this function is only applicable for the current input file format. In the future, the standardized input
file format should be determined so that we do not need to change the input reading function for every input file
version.
2. Library
    a. Policy Library
        Construct a library and the corresponding functions to get the policy base on the user input and generate    
        the priority ranking base on the output of this function. So that the priority scheduler can use the result to 
        generate schedule.

    b. Structure Library
        Construct a library and the corresponding functions to get the mean and standard deviation recovery for each 
        objects base on the their structure information in the library.

    c. Fragility Library
        Construct a library and the corresponding functions to get the probability of the damage state of a object
        in different hazards. Base on the probability we can know the exact damage state of each object.

    d. Failure Library
        Construct a library and the corresponding functions to get the information about the cascading failure for
        each system.

    e. Resilience Library
        Construct a library and the corresponding functions to calculate resilience for each system.

3. Cascading Failure
    This version simulator only do the cascading stop on the objects in each system. In the future, the simulator 
should be able to simulate the cascading failure in or between each system.

4. Multi-phase Optimize schedule algorithm
    This version simulator schedule each system on a uniform time step which is not very practical in the real world.
The schedule that can schedule each system on a non-uniform time step for each phase for each system base on the user
input will be the best choice for the simulator.

5. New Reschedule algorithm 
    This version simulator currently reschedule three system together. The algorithm is not only using the 
interdependence between the objects in their own system but also using the interdependence cross system. The new
reschedule algorithm should using the cross system interdependence as a non-critical factor in the optimization.

6. Object Level Functionality Output
    This version simulator only generated the functionality output files at system level. Since the functionality 
at object level will also be analyzed in the future. Save the functionality output files at the object level will
be also required.

7. Better Parallel Profiler
    This version simulator can not save the profiler for parallel for loop as a file, instead it need to open 
the MATLAB as display all information there. This will be a problem when simulator is running on the server. The 
better parallel profiler will be need if we want to save our profiler as a file.

8. Multi Resolution Simulation
    This version simulator is achieve at the highest resolution in the simulation process which means run every 
objects in the most detail way. In the future, the simulator should be able to run at multilevel resolution, for 
example, we can only run run simulation on the bridges but not theirs sub-components.

